Zhang Chao, what's going on? Isn't it these handfuls of rags?
What do you know? Now we are the center of the audience,
The whole in case chamber of commerce is specially designed.
Even I can only sit on a four-pound chair.
This old stinky waiter on the Eastern Front,
And with this support screen, I committed the crime of cheating.
And this fee dares to sit on the throne prepared by you as a prince.
Agree with the two-stroke and five-way east division
Do you want to kill most of us?
You died until Lin Dou, and you still said it was not miserable.
But go to all you forest craftsmen
The injury rules of our fallen people
It’s not yet a foreign country’s turn
No rules again
They drag it down and lie down again
How dare you touch my family?
I hid from you two and broke the table